Wow alright we're back once again live
from the bull pen the guys here at the
bull pen right here they talked me into
crack in another box of this exquisite
rookies again if you haven't seen my
other breaks this is where I pulled the
job at shea bill in 101 so we're going
for something similar got another box
right here it's gonna be big right now
hold on Doug please thanks we'd go
mystery guy it's a gold pack hideki
matsui base who's that except Brandon
Phillips no it's michael boy oh god how
do you know that's bad news it's michael
bourn I think Carlos Gomez Gomez and
Felix Pie that's actually really good
right there really good card right there
number 235 troy tulowitzki baby let's go
right number 2 199 quad jersey auto two
of them with pinstripes that is a
beautiful beautiful card right there
troy tulowitzki then we got nick
markakis another good one right there
out of 5 out of 20 right there yeah
that's really nice he's filthy last card
Jared Burton to of 20 damn don't know
that guys but that was actually a really
good box show you the Tulowitzki one
more time so he went worth is in the
email is he good i'm gerry burton good
oh well let me know if you guys know
anything about this jared burton fellow
i know nothing about them but once again
live from the bullpen you've seen it
right here best place los angeles to buy
cards holler at me if you need some
information let me know what you guys
think peace